competition.md, before:

# Planner Pro - Personal Organizer
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appxy.planner&hl=en_CA

The app * Planner Pro – Personal Organizer * is a personal planner application that 
has a calendar system for managing deadlines and to-do lists. Our app will differ 
by having several fixed categories of planning beyond a mere calendar planner with 
deadlines and to-do lists. These categorized planners will be able to sync with the
in-app calendar planner to add deadlines and tasks for specific days.

# FitNotes - Gym Workout Log
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.jamesgay.fitnotes&hl=en_CA

The app * FitNotes – Gym Workout Log * is a workout log tool which allows you to track exercises, sets, and reps,
create workout plans, and see graphs of your progress. Our health and fitness planner will differ by also including
a weight and bodyfat logger, a bodyfat calculator, and a calorie management system. 

# myHomework Student Planner
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myhomeowork&hl=en_CA

The app * myHomework Student Planner * allows you to track homework for various courses and deadlines. 
Our school planner will follow the direction of this app but also include a way to track time spent 
on each course. More than that, our school planner will allow you to track time for specific categories 
of schoolwork such as priority work, catch-up work, and ongoing group projects.

# My Library
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vgm.mylibrary&hl=en_CA

The app * My Library * is a book logging tool that allows you to log books by identifiers such as ISBN numbers. 
Our media manager will allow a book logging system similar to that of * My Library * but also include the categories 
of owned books, already read, to read in the near future, and currently reading. The media manager will also have a bookmarking function. 
In addition, we will include logging and management systems for tracking gameplay and the consumption of movies or shows: media 
other than just books. 

# Wallet - Finance Tracker and Budget Planner
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droid4you.application.wallet&hl=en_CA

The app * Wallet – Finance Tracker and Budget Planner * is a financial management tool for tracking one’s financial spending and for budgeting. 
Our financial planner will be similar to this tool but differ in that it will also include employment logging for future resumes, 
lists of things to buy or sell, debt logging, and potential yearly taxes.

Lastly, we will create a new type of planner: a social planner. This planner will have a contact management system that 
will allow you to add personal information about contacts such as birthdays, emails, phone numbers, and so forth. This planner will also 
have a social management system for managing various categories of social endeavours such as interviews, sending emails to a given person, 
romantic dates, sending birthday gifts, and so forth. This planner is ideal for contacts that are hard to reach such as distant relatives or friends 
who you want to keep in touch with.
 
Our multi-planner product is ideal for those who have really disorganized personal lives and want to start 
managing their lives better. This tool is a great way to start that process of organization. In addition, 
our planner is ideal for the really organized: those who want to systematically track the various aspects of 
their lives. That is, this tool is ideal for the super disorganized and the super organized. 

# Example Users and Scenarios:
# Specific User and Scenario 1:
- Joe is a 33-year-old bartender. Joe’s house is a mess: a reflection of the disorganized state of his life. 
Joe has never committed to his new year’s resolution of getting in shape, constantly misses deadlines, and spends 
beyond his budget. Joe really wants to finally get his disorganized life in order.

# Specific User and Scenario 2:
- Katie is a super organized neat freak. She always puts things back in their place, has organized all her stuff 
in neat and categorized bins, boxes, folders, and the like. She consistently works out early in the morning, pays her bills 
on time, and is two weeks ahead of her schoolwork! However, Katie manages her life on paper: logging and tracking her life on 
lots of paper. Katie wants to be a little more environmentally friendly by not using as much paper and going digital with her planning
and organizing.  

Now competitors most likely have thought and do think of these users and scenarios. The competitors seek to provide 
tools to help with organization, planning, managing, and overall productivity: this applies to the disorganized and 
organized alike. However, competitors have most likely not thought of an all-in-one planner that can have continuously 
added features because such a product might be too large or not focused enough. Competitors might feel it is better to 
focus on one specific type of planner or organizer and optimize it as much as possible to maximize the quality of that 
one specific planner or organizer. However, an all-in-one planner or organizer is more compact and interconnected: a 
benefit which separate planning tools fail to provide.

Commit message:

add Dollarbird app profile to competition.md

competition.md, after:

# Planner Pro - Personal Organizer
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appxy.planner&hl=en_CA

The app * Planner Pro – Personal Organizer * is a personal planner application that 
has a calendar system for managing deadlines and to-do lists. Our app will differ 
by having several fixed categories of planning beyond a mere calendar planner with 
deadlines and to-do lists. These categorized planners will be able to sync with the
in-app calendar planner to add deadlines and tasks for specific days.

# FitNotes - Gym Workout Log
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.jamesgay.fitnotes&hl=en_CA

The app * FitNotes – Gym Workout Log * is a workout log tool which allows you to track exercises, sets, and reps,
create workout plans, and see graphs of your progress. Our health and fitness planner will differ by also including
a weight and bodyfat logger, a bodyfat calculator, and a calorie management system. 

# myHomework Student Planner
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.myhomeowork&hl=en_CA

The app * myHomework Student Planner * allows you to track homework for various courses and deadlines. 
Our school planner will follow the direction of this app but also include a way to track time spent 
on each course. More than that, our school planner will allow you to track time for specific categories 
of schoolwork such as priority work, catch-up work, and ongoing group projects.

# My Library
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vgm.mylibrary&hl=en_CA

The app * My Library * is a book logging tool that allows you to log books by identifiers such as ISBN numbers. 
Our media manager will allow a book logging system similar to that of * My Library * but also include the categories 
of owned books, already read, to read in the near future, and currently reading. The media manager will also have a bookmarking function. 
In addition, we will include logging and management systems for tracking gameplay and the consumption of movies or shows: media 
other than just books. 
# Dollarbird

https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/dollarbird/id1214299218

Dollarbird is a personal planner available on iOS. It helps its users organize their finances and provides a calendar interface that attempts to forecast monthly expenditure.

Some features it includes are:

1) A calendar that helps users visualize and project future expenditures.
2) A graphical breakdown through charts and graphs of historical and future planned spending.
3) A categorical breakdown of spending based on AI pattern recognition.
4) A option for a collaborative mode in which multiple accounts can be synced to be communally tracked and managed through their spending.

This application focuses primarily on financial planning and management, obviously it fails to include a few key features that our app aims to provide. For example, Dollarbird does not provide a time management system or a notification system that we aim to provide. Though, this tradeoff allows for Dollarbird to provide extensive analysis of users' expenditure through machine learning technologies that categorize spending. 

An important feature of a third-party financial planner is that it doesn't require personal information, especially banking details. Although, without directly linking a banking account to the app, a user is required to manually enter all their expenditures. A way that we aim to solve this inconvience is to provide a feature that reads csv or pdf bank statements and automatically loads them into a users account.

# Wallet - Finance Tracker and Budget Planner
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droid4you.application.wallet&hl=en_CA

The app * Wallet – Finance Tracker and Budget Planner * is a financial management tool for tracking one’s financial spending and for budgeting. 
Our financial planner will be similar to this tool but differ in that it will also include employment logging for future resumes, 
lists of things to buy or sell, debt logging, and potential yearly taxes.

Lastly, we will create a new type of planner: a social planner. This planner will have a contact management system that 
will allow you to add personal information about contacts such as birthdays, emails, phone numbers, and so forth. This planner will also 
have a social management system for managing various categories of social endeavours such as interviews, sending emails to a given person, 
romantic dates, sending birthday gifts, and so forth. This planner is ideal for contacts that are hard to reach such as distant relatives or friends 
who you want to keep in touch with.
 
Our multi-planner product is ideal for those who have really disorganized personal lives and want to start 
managing their lives better. This tool is a great way to start that process of organization. In addition, 
our planner is ideal for the really organized: those who want to systematically track the various aspects of 
their lives. That is, this tool is ideal for the super disorganized and the super organized. 

# Example Users and Scenarios:
# Specific User and Scenario 1:
- Joe is a 33-year-old bartender. Joe’s house is a mess: a reflection of the disorganized state of his life. 
Joe has never committed to his new year’s resolution of getting in shape, constantly misses deadlines, and spends 
beyond his budget. Joe really wants to finally get his disorganized life in order.

# Specific User and Scenario 2:
- Katie is a super organized neat freak. She always puts things back in their place, has organized all her stuff 
in neat and categorized bins, boxes, folders, and the like. She consistently works out early in the morning, pays her bills 
on time, and is two weeks ahead of her schoolwork! However, Katie manages her life on paper: logging and tracking her life on 
lots of paper. Katie wants to be a little more environmentally friendly by not using as much paper and going digital with her planning
and organizing.  

Now competitors most likely have thought and do think of these users and scenarios. The competitors seek to provide 
tools to help with organization, planning, managing, and overall productivity: this applies to the disorganized and 
organized alike. However, competitors have most likely not thought of an all-in-one planner that can have continuously 
added features because such a product might be too large or not focused enough. Competitors might feel it is better to 
focus on one specific type of planner or organizer and optimize it as much as possible to maximize the quality of that 
one specific planner or organizer. However, an all-in-one planner or organizer is more compact and interconnected: a 
benefit which separate planning tools fail to provide.
