summary.md, before:

# Creative Brief
## Project Objective
Build an all-in-one multi-planner tool for planning and managing various aspects of one’s life: 
health, fitness, education, deadlines, bucket lists, media consumption, finances, employment, 
social endeavours, and potentially others.

## Key Personas
### Persona 1
Larry – a very busy 30-year-old entrepreneur from Singapore. Larry constantly finds himself 
feeling disorganized and not in control of the personal aspect of his life seeing as he is 
consumed by the work his business requires of him.
### Persona 2
Jessica – a busy 20-year-old university student at Harvard who participates in various 
extra-curricular activities and is also a personal trainer at Harvard’s gym.

## Key Scenarios
### Scenario 1
Jessica needs to create her personal workout plans for the week as well as workout plans 
for her clients. Several new clients have signed up for Jessica’s personal training sessions: 
clients she needs to account for. In addition, Jessica is working on a big school project that 
is due next week and needs to be presented. 
### Scenario 2
Larry is managing various new clients for his business. More than that, Larry has several interviews 
to conduct as part of his search for new employees over the next few weeks. Not only that, but Larry 
has a big wedding to attend to this weekend and he still hasn’t bought his suit!

## Key Principles
### Principle 1
Functionality first – then aesthetics. Each planner should plan and manage what it is expected to plan 
and manage first and foremost. Visual graphics as part of the GUI to attract a user’s attention can be 
enhanced later.
### Principle 2
Simplicity and intuition. The use of the GUI multi-planning tool should be intuitive and simple.
There should be no hidden features that the non-tech-savvy user would struggle to uncover.

Commit message:

Add persona and scenario to creative brief

summary.md, after:

# Creative Brief
## Project Objective
Build an all-in-one multi-planner tool for planning and managing various aspects of one’s life: 
health, fitness, education, deadlines, bucket lists, media consumption, finances, employment, 
social endeavours, and potentially others.

The goal is to build 6 main planning tools:
1) A health and fitness planner for managing workouts, calories, weight, and bodyfat percentage.
2) A school planner for managing course work
3) A calendar planning tool for managing deadlines and to-do lists
4) A media manager for managing media consumption: books, movies, games, and the like
5) A financial and employment management tool
6) A social planner for managing social endeavours

## Key Personas
### Persona 1
Larry – a very busy 30-year-old entrepreneur from Singapore. Larry constantly finds himself 
feeling disorganized and not in control of the personal aspect of his life seeing as he is 
consumed by the work his business requires of him.
### Persona 2
Jessica – a busy 20-year-old university student at Harvard who participates in various 
extra-curricular activities and is also a personal trainer at Harvard’s gym.
### Persona 3
Kimberly – a busy nurse who is a member of a book club. Kimberly has trouble managing her 
personal finances. Not only that, but Kimberly is an avid learner and reader. She loves 
reading multiple books on multiple topics in addition to the books she reads for her book club. With 
this, Kimberly has a difficult time managing her reading schedule and tracking the books she’s currently 
reading. 

## Key Scenarios
### Scenario 1
Jessica needs to create her personal workout plans for the week as well as workout plans 
for her clients. Several new clients have signed up for Jessica’s personal training sessions: 
clients she needs to account for. In addition, Jessica is working on a big school project that 
is due next week and needs to be presented. 
### Scenario 2
Larry is managing various new clients for his business. More than that, Larry has several interviews 
to conduct as part of his search for new employees over the next few weeks. Not only that, but Larry 
has a big wedding to attend to this weekend and he still hasn’t bought his suit!
### Scenario 3
Kimberly has been reading several novels and textbooks. She’s currently learning quantum mechanics, 
geography, electronics, and Linux programming from textbooks. However, Kimberly got so invested in a novel 
that she forgot to mark the pages of her textbooks where she last left off: leaving the textbooks to continue 
reading her novel. In addition, Kimberly has a lot of bills she’s forgotten to pay and the interest is accumulating. 

## Key Principles
### Principle 1
Functionality first – then aesthetics. Each planner should plan and manage what it is expected to plan 
and manage first and foremost. Visual graphics as part of the GUI to attract a user’s attention can be 
enhanced later.
### Principle 2
Simplicity and intuition. The use of the GUI multi-planning tool should be intuitive and simple.
There should be no hidden features that the non-tech-savvy user would struggle to uncover.
