team.md, before:

# The Brogrammers
## Team Members
- Alexei Blinov: blinoval
- Michael De Lisio: delisiom
- Brandon Joubran: joubranb
- Xiaoyang Wu: wuxiaoy9
- Shaf Nasir: nasirsh8
- Yifei Gao: gaoyife2

# Team Guidelines
## Methods of Communication
- Team members will communicate via Whatsapp and possibly email

## Contact Information
- Alexei Blinov: blinoval:
  - UTOR-email: alexei.blinov@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: blinovalexei97@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-548-9226
- Michael De Lisio: delisiom:
  - UTOR-email: michael.delisio@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: michael.c.delisio@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-449-7502
- Brandon Joubran: joubranb: 
  - UTOR-email: brandon.joubran@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: brandonjoubran@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-823-4192
- Xiaoyang Wu: wuxiaoy9
  - Utor-email: xiaoyang.wu@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: williamwu0609@hotmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-885-1117
- Shaf Nasir: nasirsh8:
  - UTOR-email: shaf.nasir@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: shaf.nasir@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-909-6461
- Yifei Gao: gaoyife2:
  - UTOR-email: miko.gao@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: gyfme1@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 289-689-1809

## Response Times
- Alexei Blinov: blinoval:
  - Can answer immediately or worst case: within a few hours if busy.
- Michael De Lisio: delisiom:
  - Can respond to text messages fastest (within 0-2 hours) and emails daily 
- Brandon Joubran: joubranb:
  - Can respond to text messages and personal email the quickest, within 0-3 hours.
- Xiaoyang Wu: wuxiaoy9
  - Can respond as soon as I see the message, within 0-3 hours.
- Shaf Nasir: nasirsh8:
  - Can answer text messages immediately, worst case in a few hours, will check emails daily.
- Yifei Gao: gaoyife2:
  - Can respond as soon as I see the message and email within a few hours

## Agile Meetings
- Meet and discuss project in person during and after CSC301 tutorials
- In person meetings somewhere in IB
- Most communication will occur online
- Alexei Blinov will take minutes or notes during the meetings
 
## Meeting Preparation
- Bring a list of significant issues, suggestions for improvement, and other project matters
- Bring new user stories or features for the next sprint

## Git Version Control
- For the most part, each commit should add a major functionality to the project
- For each commit, add a commit message which summarizes the code changes (what, why, and possibly how)
- Commits should be atomic (one) and standalone (independent of other commits) as much as possible 

## Roles and Work Division
- Divide user stories by front-end/ back-end
- Divide user stories by categories (group similar features together)
- Group collaboration will decide on who does what (distribution of user stories)

## Sprint Deliverable Submissions
- Submit sprint deliverables and software when finished: before the deadlines
- ? will review and submit sprint deliverables

## Contingency Plan
- If a group member drops the course, divide remaining user stories equally among group members
- If a group member fails to contribute what was asked of the group member, give the member a second chance (people get busy, have tests, and have other priorities)
- If a group member continuously fails to contribute adequately, remind the group member of the peer evaluation reports:
how the group member's mark will suffer (reiterate the consequences)
- If a team member is academically dishonest, report the matter immediately so that the whole group does not suffer potential academic penalties

Commit message:

Update sprint deliverable guidelines/division of work guidelines

team.md, after:

# The Brogrammers
## Team Members
- Alexei Blinov: blinoval
- Michael De Lisio: delisiom
- Brandon Joubran: joubranb
- Xiaoyang Wu: wuxiaoy9
- Shaf Nasir: nasirsh8
- Yifei Gao: gaoyife2

# Team Guidelines
## Methods of Communication
- Team members will communicate via Whatsapp and possibly email

## Contact Information
- Alexei Blinov: blinoval:
  - UTOR-email: alexei.blinov@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: blinovalexei97@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-548-9226
- Michael De Lisio: delisiom:
  - UTOR-email: michael.delisio@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: michael.c.delisio@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-449-7502
- Brandon Joubran: joubranb: 
  - UTOR-email: brandon.joubran@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: brandonjoubran@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-823-4192
- Xiaoyang Wu: wuxiaoy9
  - Utor-email: xiaoyang.wu@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: williamwu0609@hotmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-885-1117
- Shaf Nasir: nasirsh8:
  - UTOR-email: shaf.nasir@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: shaf.nasir@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 647-909-6461
- Yifei Gao: gaoyife2:
  - UTOR-email: miko.gao@mail.utoronto.ca
  - Personal email: gyfme1@gmail.com
  - Cell phone number: 289-689-1809

## Response Times
- Alexei Blinov: blinoval:
  - Can answer immediately or worst case: within a few hours if busy.
- Michael De Lisio: delisiom:
  - Can respond to text messages fastest (within 0-2 hours) and emails daily.
- Brandon Joubran: joubranb:
  - Can respond to text messages and personal email the quickest, within 0-3 hours.
- Xiaoyang Wu: wuxiaoy9
  - Can respond as soon as I see the message, within 0-3 hours.
- Shaf Nasir: nasirsh8:
  - Can answer text messages immediately, worst case in a few hours, will check emails daily.
- Yifei Gao: gaoyife2:
  - Can respond as soon as I see the message and email within a few hours

## Agile Meetings
- Meet and discuss project in person during and after CSC301 tutorials (every week if possible)
- In person meetings somewhere in IB
- Most communication will occur online (through WhatsApp project group chat)
- Alexei Blinov will take minutes or notes during the meetings
 
## Meeting Preparation
- Bring a list of significant issues, suggestions for improvement, and other project matters
- Bring new user stories or features for the next sprint

## Git Version Control
- For the most part, each commit should add a major functionality to the project
- For each commit, add a commit message which summarizes the code changes (what, why, and possibly how)
- Commits should be atomic (one) and standalone (independent of other commits) as much as possible 

## Roles and Work Division
- Divide user stories by front-end / back-end
- Logically divide user stories by categories (group similar features together)
- Group collaboration will decide on who does what (distribution of user stories)
- Team members unique skills will also affect the division of work

## Sprint Deliverable Submissions
- Aim to submit sprint deliverables and software one day in advance of deadlines. This can allow
for a large team to work out difficulties that may arise before the deadline with plenty of time to
amend them (for example, git commit conflicts, code that does not compile/integrate, etc...).
- Team members struggling to complete their portion of work should alert team members as soon as possible
(no less than two days before the deadline) to avoid last minute difficulties.
- All submissions are collaborative containing commits from all team members
- The role of the "Submission Reviewer" for each sprint will be rotated throughout the team
- The Submission Reviewer's job is mainly to ensure all requirements for a sprint have been met

## Contingency Plan
- If a group member drops the course, divide remaining user stories equally among group members
- If a group member fails to contribute what was asked of the group member, give the member a second chance (people get busy, have tests, and have other priorities)
- If a group member continuously fails to contribute adequately, remind the group member of the peer evaluation reports:
how the group member's mark will suffer (reiterate the consequences)
- If a team member is academically dishonest, report the matter immediately so that the whole group does not suffer potential academic penalties
