doc/sprint 0/process.md, before:

# Process

In the process of completing sprint 0, our group had to communicate with each other in several ways and make decisions through consensus. 

First, to organize our group and communicate with our group members we created an online group chat in WhatsApp where we could all discuss the project, the project objectives, the project deliverables, and so forth. Now when it seemed the group chat was not effective at reaching out to our fellow group members, we sent emails to our group members to get their attention about important deadlines and tasks to complete. In addition, we had in person group meetups during csc301 tutorials to discuss the details of our project where everyone’s attention was present. We met with our group members about once a week, spoke online about once every other day 2 weeks before the deadline of sprint 0, and spoke online every day 1 week before the deadline of sprint 0.  

When it came to decision making, our group members proposed several ideas and plans. Then, each member responded to the ideas and plans by stating whether they liked, disliked, agreed, or disagreed with the ideas or plans. Eventually, we reached a consensus for each idea or plan. We continued this process until the completion of sprint 0.

Then, to assign user story points to our user stories, we assigned a Fibonacci number from the sequence {0,1,2,3,5,8} to each user story where a user story points estimate of 0 indicates a trivial amount of work and a user story points estimate of 8 indicates a fairly large amount of work. We set 8 as the limit because most of our stories did not seem so complex as to be assigned a point estimate of 13 or more. Most of our estimates were close to each other and so only 1 round of voting was necessary to come to a consensus. 

After that, to determine the priority of our user stories, we used the Kano model and calculations for return on investment (ROI) and cost of delay (COD). We used the Kano model and assigned the values of 13,8,5,3,2, and 1 to the categories of must-have, linear, exciter, reverse, questionable, and indifferent respectively. The higher the value, the greater the value. For each user story, each member stated how he or she would feel if the user story feature was there and was not there using the values: dislike, live with, neutral, expect, and live. Then, we determined which Kano model category that user story falls under by consensus. Now we gave user stories with the greatest ROI the highest priority where ROI = value/ user story points. But, if there was a tie, we assigned the greater priority to the user story with the greater COD value where COD = value x urgency. We judged urgency using the same scale as that for the user story points and reached a consensus. After prioritizing the user stories, we divided the prioritized user stories into 6 almost equal parts and  assigned the priority values ‘highest’, ‘high’, ‘medium’, ‘low’, and ‘lowest’ to the user stories of those segments respectively (highest for the top 1/6th prioritized user stories and ‘lowest’ for the bottom 1/6th prioritized user stories).  

As for lessons to take forward in the next phase of the project, we learned that communication and collaboration are essential for success. Without all group members on board, we can tend to fall behind or become disorganized. So, to stay on track and stay organized, our team necessitated good communication and collaboration: traits necessary for any team project.

Commit message:

Create storyboards and add to process

doc/sprint 0/process.md, after:

# Process

In the process of completing sprint 0, our group had to communicate with each other in several ways and make decisions through consensus. 

First, to organize our group and communicate with our group members we created an online group chat in WhatsApp where we could all discuss the project, the project objectives, the project deliverables, and so forth. Now when it seemed the group chat was not effective at reaching out to our fellow group members, we sent emails to our group members to get their attention about important deadlines and tasks to complete. In addition, we had in person group meetups during csc301 tutorials to discuss the details of our project where everyone’s attention was present. We met with our group members about once a week, spoke online about once every other day 2 weeks before the deadline of sprint 0, and spoke online every day 1 week before the deadline of sprint 0.  

When it came to decision making, our group members proposed several ideas and plans. Then, each member responded to the ideas and plans by stating whether they liked, disliked, agreed, or disagreed with the ideas or plans. Eventually, we reached a consensus for each idea or plan. We continued this process until the completion of sprint 0.

Then, to assign user story points to our user stories, we assigned a Fibonacci number from the sequence {0,1,2,3,5,8} to each user story where a user story points estimate of 0 indicates a trivial amount of work and a user story points estimate of 8 indicates a fairly large amount of work. We set 8 as the limit because most of our stories did not seem so complex as to be assigned a point estimate of 13 or more. Most of our estimates were close to each other and so only 1 round of voting was necessary to come to a consensus. 

After that, to determine the priority of our user stories, we used the Kano model and calculations for return on investment (ROI) and cost of delay (COD). We used the Kano model and assigned the values of 13,8,5,3,2, and 1 to the categories of must-have, linear, exciter, reverse, questionable, and indifferent respectively. The higher the value, the greater the value. For each user story, each member stated how he or she would feel if the user story feature was there and was not there using the values: dislike, live with, neutral, expect, and live. Then, we determined which Kano model category that user story falls under by consensus. Now we gave user stories with the greatest ROI the highest priority where ROI = value/ user story points. But, if there was a tie, we assigned the greater priority to the user story with the greater COD value where COD = value x urgency. We judged urgency using the same scale as that for the user story points and reached a consensus. After prioritizing the user stories, we divided the prioritized user stories into 6 almost equal parts and  assigned the priority values ‘highest’, ‘high’, ‘medium’, ‘low’, and ‘lowest’ to the user stories of those segments respectively (highest for the top 1/6th prioritized user stories and ‘lowest’ for the bottom 1/6th prioritized user stories).  

For the user experience and user interface storyboards we used Paint 3D, Microsoft Paint, and the storyboard creator at https://www.storyboardthat.com/storyboard-creator. Apart from these graphic tools, we did not use any other special tools apart from Microsoft Office products like Word, text editors like Notepad++, and other standard software tools.

As for lessons to take forward in the next phase of the project, we learned that communication and collaboration are essential for success. Without all group members on board, we can tend to fall behind or become disorganized. So, to stay on track and stay organized, our team necessitated good communication and collaboration: traits necessary for any team project.
