# Project Reflection - The Brogrammers

In the process of developing our application myPlanBook, there were many tools, techniques, and conventions that worked well for our team. The first convention that worked well for our team was maintaining good communication between group members using tools such as Whatsapp, emails, and Microsoft teams since they kept our group members informed about the progress of our project, group decisions, any impediments or difficulties faced, and other useful information. Now the main tool that worked well for our team was Android Studio because our team was already familiar with its main programming language: Java and the framework only required us to learn two new technologies which were fairly easy to learn and use: Google’s Firebase database and xml layouts. Lastly, in terms of solving conflicts, we used Google Forms which worked well for our team because it led to quick agreement on conflicting or competing decisions.

Now there were several things that did not work well for the team. First, because of our busy schedules and workload from other courses, we had several crunch periods of development the day before demos which indicated problems in time management and did not always work well since we had to deal with last minute merge conflicts. Another initial technique our team implemented was each group member creating their own design for their respective activity screens which was inefficient since we had inconsistent gui layouts which had to be changed to conform to a consistent layout design. Last but not least, because certain group members did not properly track their issues on Jira all the time, a few members had to correct and track other members’ issues on Jira which was inefficient since it wasted a lot of time that could have been spent on further development.

Finally, if we were to continue working as a team, the ideal process of our software development would include several sequential parts. First, we would discuss and decide on the features and design layouts we want to include in our application. Next, we would design appropriate user stories for our features. Then, we would distribute the user stories between group members such that work is decoupled to minimize development conflicts. Now before developing anything, we would inform our group members of proper Jira tracking practices. Further, we would thoroughly test and review each pull request before merging to ensure there aren’t any bugs or other issues of concern. Moreover, we would utilize sprints to complete our user stories and have review sessions at the end of each sprint to see the progress of our project. Lastly, in those sprint meetings, our team would also discuss what features to add, remove, or keep, practices to continue or drop as with a regular retrospective meeting, and encourage the team to do a little bit of work each day so that there aren’t any last-minute crunch periods of development during the last few days of a sprint.